Update README.md (#116)
vcpkg/vcpkg.github.io: README.md

# vcpkg website

## Requirements:
- Docker
- Node, npm

## Build the website
To regenerate the website, run `scripts/rebuild.sh` from within the docker container defined by `.devcontainer/Dockerfile`:
```
docker build .devcontainer -t "vcpkg-io"
docker run -it --mount type=bind,source=<working directory>,target=/dst "vcpkg-io" bash dst/scripts/rebuild.sh
```

> The commit of https://github.com/Microsoft/vcpkg used is defined within the `rebuild.sh` script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `rebuild.sh` script can be modified to build a specific commit in this repository.
```

I know it's not part of the changes in this PR, but I feel like this line needs clarification.

## Start website
Run:
```

> npm install

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
npm ci
```

> npm start

Reviewer 2: This also is likely best done from within the docker container; something like
```
docker run -p 8080:8080 -it --rm --mount type=bind,src=.,target=/dst vcpkg-io npm start
```
